en/assemblies.adoc, before:

== Assemblies

To configure bodies such as municipal Councils or city Assemblies, click on *ASSEMBLIES* in the menu on the left of the *DASHBOARD* (Figure 69).

image:images/image48.png[image]

[[h.45jfvxd]]Figure 69 - Assemblies

Then click on *NEW*. The *NEW ASSEMBLY* window will open (Figure 70), where general information on the assembly has to be entered. See 2.5.1 (Information on participatory processes) for filling in the information required there.

Go to the list of assemblies, clicking on the icons corresponding to each of the assemblies; you can duplicate and configure the assembly and preview how it will look once it is published.

Once the bodies/assemblies have been created, functions can be added such as meetings, documents, static pages etc. To do this you will have to follow the same steps as the ones for adding functions to participatory processes (See 2.5 Processes).

Go to *ASSEMBLEES* where you will find the list of assemblies (Figure 69), and click on the name of the body you want configure. The *GENERAL INFORMATION* window will open, displaying the body’s submenu on the left, from where you can carry out the configuration.

The options available through the assemblies’ submenu are *Info, Features/ Components, Categories, Attachments, Assembly users* and *Moderations* (Figure 71). To configure the various options, see 2.5 (Processes).

image:images/image74.png[image]

[[h.2koq656]]Figure 70 - New assembly

image:images/image68.png[image]

[[h.zu0gcz]]Figure 71 - Assemblies’ submenu

As with processes, several types of role can be configured for users. To register an assembly's users, click on *Assembly users* from the assemblies’ submenu and click on *NEW*.

image:images/image8.png[image]

[[h.3jtnz0s]]Figure 72 - New assembly user

You need to fill in the following fields: *Name, Email* and *Role* (select from the *Administrator, Collaborator* or *Moderator* drop-down menu). Immediately afterwards click on *Create* (Figure 72)

Commit message:

(EN) Add footprints for every figure

en/assemblies.adoc, after:

== Assemblies

To configure bodies such as municipal Councils or city Assemblies, click on *ASSEMBLIES* in the menu on the left of the *DASHBOARD* (<<assemblies-fig>>).

[#assemblies-fig]
._Assemblies_.
image::images/image48.png[image]S

Then click on *NEW*. The *NEW ASSEMBLY* window will open (<<new-assembly-fig>>), where general information on the assembly has to be entered. See 2.5.1 (Information on participatory processes) for filling in the information required there.

Go to the list of assemblies, clicking on the icons corresponding to each of the assemblies; you can duplicate and configure the assembly and preview how it will look once it is published.

Once the bodies/assemblies have been created, functions can be added such as meetings, documents, static pages etc. To do this you will have to follow the same steps as the ones for adding functions to participatory processes (See 2.5 Processes).

Go to *ASSEMBLEES* where you will find the list of assemblies (<<assemblies-fig>>), and click on the name of the body you want configure. The *GENERAL INFORMATION* window will open, displaying the body’s submenu on the left, from where you can carry out the configuration.

The options available through the assemblies’ submenu are *Info, Features/ Components, Categories, Attachments, Assembly users* and *Moderations* (<<assemblies-submenu-fig>>). To configure the various options, see 2.5 (Processes).

[#new-assembly-fig]
._New assembly_.
image::images/image74.png[image]

[#assemblies-submenu-fig]
._Assemblies' submenu_.
image::images/image68.png[image]

As with processes, several types of role can be configured for users. To register an assembly's users, click on *Assembly users* from the assemblies’ submenu and click on *NEW*.

[#new-assembly-user-fig]
._New assembly user_.
image::images/image8.png[image]

You need to fill in the following fields: *Name, Email* and *Role* (select from the *Administrator, Collaborator* or *Moderator* drop-down menu). Immediately afterwards click on *Create* (<<new-assembly-user-fig>>)
