en/how-to-access-administrator-menu.adoc, before:

[[h.2bn6wsx]]
== How to access the administrator menu

First you need to start the session. Go to the top right part of Decidim webpage (Figure 2) and click on Sign In. Only those whose administrator authorisation has been configured can access the Dashboard.

image:images/image71.png[image]

[[h.qsh70q]]Figure 2 - MetaDecidim home page

In the *Log in* window (Figure 3) write *Email* and *Password* and click on *Log in*. Remember you will have to have been registered beforehand. Alternatively, you can sign in using your Twitter, Facebook or Google account.

To sign up, you can use the same window (Figure 3), by clicking on *Create an account* (in the upper part of the screen) or *Sign up* (in the lower part), or even on the home page by clicking on *Sign Up*.

image:images/image70.png[image]

[[h.3as4poj]]Figure 3 - Log In

Once inside the *Sign up window* (Figure 4), tick whether you are an *Individual* or *Organization/ Collective*, enter *Your name* (public name that appears on your posts. With the aim of guaranteeing the anonymity, can be any name), *Your short unique identifier in Decidim, Your email, password* you will use, *confirm password* and tick *Receive an occasional newsletter with relevant information* box if you want to receive the information. To finish, click on *By signing up you agree to the terms and conditions of use* (available by clicking on the link), and click on *Sign up*.

image:images/image6.png[image]

[[h.49x2ik5]]Figure 4 - Sign up

It’s also possible to sign up using  Twitter, Facebook or Google accounts.

In addition, organizations should complete the cells: *Organization name, Organization document number* and *phone*.

Once you have finished your registration, you can complete your user-options settings such as additional information or notifications. Click on user name on the top right of the webpage. A drop-down menu will open (Figure 5), where you can access to: *My account, My public profile, Notifications, Conversations, Admin dashboard, Sign out*.

image:images/image73.png[image]

[[h.1pxezwc]]Figure 5 - Accessing the user-options menu

Click on *My account* to finish configuring your account settings or to modify them: to add an avatar/ image, change your name or e-mail address or set the level of notifications you wish to receive. The *User settings* window will open (Figure 6).

[[h.49x2ik5-1]]

image:images/image58.png[image]

[[h.2p2csry]]Figure 6 - User settings

To set your notification levels, click on *Notification settings* in the menu on the left of the screen and select *I want to receive an email every time i receive a notification* if you wish to receive an email every time you receive a notification and select *I want to receive newsletters* if you wish to receive information on a relevant activity (Figure 7).

image:images/image67.png[image]

[[h.147n2zr]]Figure 7 -Notification Settings

To access the administrator menu, click on the name on the top right of the webpage (in this case, *usuari1*) and select *Admin dashboard* from the drop-down menu. Remember that to access the administrator menu you will need to have your administrator authorisation configured.

The *Dashboard* (Figure 8) will open, allowing you to configure (by clicking on the options that appear in the menu on the left) the local authority's Decidim platform, static pages, Participatory Processes and process groups, Assemblies and Councils, Initiatives and newsletters and manage users.

image:images/image22.png[image]

[[h.3o7alnk]]Figure 8 - Dashboard

Commit message:

(EN) Add footprints for every figure

en/how-to-access-administrator-menu.adoc, after:

[[h.2bn6wsx]]
== How to access the administrator menu

First you need to start the session. Go to the top right part of Decidim webpage (<<MetaDecidim-home-page-fig>>) and click on Sign In. Only those whose administrator authorisation has been configured can access the Dashboard.

[#MetaDecidim-home-page-fig]
._MetaDecidim home page_.
image::images/image71.png[image]

In the *Log in* window (<<Log-In-fig>>) write *Email* and *Password* and click on *Log in*. Remember you will have to have been registered beforehand. Alternatively, you can sign in using your Twitter, Facebook or Google account.

To sign up, you can use the same window (<<Log-In-fig>>), by clicking on *Create an account* (in the upper part of the screen) or *Sign up* (in the lower part), or even on the home page by clicking on *Sign Up*.

[#Log-In-fig]
._Log In_.
image::images/image70.png[image]

Once inside the *Sign up window* (<<Sign-up-fig>>), tick whether you are an *Individual* or *Organization/ Collective*, enter *Your name* (public name that appears on your posts. With the aim of guaranteeing the anonymity, can be any name), *Your short unique identifier in Decidim, Your email, password* you will use, *confirm password* and tick *Receive an occasional newsletter with relevant information* box if you want to receive the information. To finish, click on *By signing up you agree to the terms and conditions of use* (available by clicking on the link), and click on *Sign up*.

[#Sign-up-fig]
._Sign up_.
image::images/image6.png[image]

It’s also possible to sign up using  Twitter, Facebook or Google accounts.

In addition, organizations should complete the cells: *Organization name, Organization document number* and *phone*.

Once you have finished your registration, you can complete your user-options settings such as additional information or notifications. Click on user name on the top right of the webpage. A drop-down menu will open (<<Accessing-the-user-options-menu-fig>>), where you can access to: *My account, My public profile, Notifications, Conversations, Admin dashboard, Sign out*.

[#Accessing-the-user-options-menu-fig]
._Accessing the user-options menu_.
image::images/image73.png[image]

Click on *My account* to finish configuring your account settings or to modify them: to add an avatar/ image, change your name or e-mail address or set the level of notifications you wish to receive. The *User settings* window will open (<<User-settings-fig>>).

[[h.49x2ik5-1]]

[#User-settings-fig]
._User settings_.
image::images/image58.png[image]

To set your notification levels, click on *Notification settings* in the menu on the left of the screen and select *I want to receive an email every time i receive a notification* if you wish to receive an email every time you receive a notification and select *I want to receive newsletters* if you wish to receive information on a relevant activity (<<Notification-settings-fig>>).

[#Notification-settigs-fig]
._Notification Settings_.
image::images/image67.png[image]

To access the administrator menu, click on the name on the top right of the webpage (in this case, *usuari1*) and select *Admin dashboard* from the drop-down menu. Remember that to access the administrator menu you will need to have your administrator authorisation configured.

The *Dashboard* (<<Dashboard-fig>>) will open, allowing you to configure (by clicking on the options that appear in the menu on the left) the local authority's Decidim platform, static pages, Participatory Processes and process groups, Assemblies and Councils, Initiatives and newsletters and manage users.

[#Dashboard-fig]
._Dashboard_.
image::images/image22.png[image]
